# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-structlog
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via webauthn
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
boltons==24.0.0
    # via
    #   face
    #   glom
cbor2==5.6.4
    # via webauthn
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
django==5.2.3
    # via
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-solo
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   django-upgrade-check
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via open-api-framework
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-log-outgoing-requests
django-axes==6.5.1
    # via open-api-framework
django-filter==24.2
    # via open-api-framework
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-import-export==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via django-structlog
django-jsonform==2.22.0
    # via
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via open-api-framework
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via django-admin-index
django-otp==1.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-sessionprofile==3.0.0
    # via open-api-framework
django-setup-configuration==0.7.2
    # via
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-solo==2.3.0
    # via
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-structlog==9.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-two-factor-auth==1.16.0
    # via maykin-2fa
django-upgrade-check==1.1.0
    # via open-api-framework
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   open-api-framework
docutils==0.21.2
    # via django-setup-configuration
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via open-api-framework
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2024.7.1
    # via drf-spectacular
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via open-api-framework
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
face==20.1.1
    # via glom
glom==23.5.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
idna==3.7
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
josepy==1.14.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
maykin-2fa==1.0.1
    # via open-api-framework
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   open-api-framework
open-api-framework==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via tablib
phonenumberslite==8.13.42
    # via django-two-factor-auth
psycopg==3.2.9
    # via open-api-framework
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via psycopg
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via django-setup-configuration
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
python-decouple==3.8
    # via open-api-framework
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   open-api-framework
    #   pydantic-settings
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-ipware
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pydantic-settings
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   open-api-framework
rpds-py==0.19.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via django-setup-configuration
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via django-upgrade-check
sentry-sdk==2.13.0
    # via open-api-framework
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
structlog==25.4.0
    # via django-structlog
tablib==3.5.0
    # via django-import-export
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   qrcode
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
webauthn==2.2.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via elastic-apm
